Mr. Shen is really clearly priced
It seems that my night has not been in vain
Thank you Mr. Shen
This is the Xu Group back then
All patented technologies and core information
Isn't it already auctioned?
How could it cost some effort?
But it doesn't matter.
Shen Tinglan
You know you gave me these documents
Does it mean anything? It means
In fact, you can make a comeback at any time
Then you give me these.
There are conditions, right?
I hope you don't cling to what happened back then anymore
You don't want me to investigate what happened back then why
You get this document
Instead of taking the risk to investigate what happened back then
Why don't you let Xu's restart?
Is it not good?
No.
It will take at least half a year to prepare these.
But you didn't know me at the time
Shen Tingleng, what the hell is going on?
bumped into it by chance
on a whim
Just take a picture
I wanted to use it for Huanyu
But can you be a judge now?
So
You should have known Xu Shi before
That year
How much do you know?